feat(integration): add edit url mode for Gerrit integration (#28543)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/ten-spies-explode.md

---
'@backstage/integration': minor
---

Add Gerrit option to activate the edit mode for version >= 3.9

```
 enableEditUrl: true
```

> The url pattern is `^\/admin\/repos\/edit\/repo\/(.+)\/branch\/(.+)\/file\/(.+)$`

Reviewer: If this pattern is important should we also add it to the docs?

---
'@backstage/integration': minor
---

> Implement Edit URL feature for Gerrit 3.9+. Enabled by default due to 3.8 EOL
> 
> Details:
> 
> - The Edit URL feature allows for direct editing of files in Gerrit through a specific URL pattern.
> - URL pattern: `^\/admin\/repos\/edit\/repo\/(.+)\/branch\/(.+)\/file\/(.+)$`
> 
> Caution:
> 
> - To turn off this functionality, you can add the configuration `disableEditUrl: true` in the Gerrit integration section of your settings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Implement Edit URL feature for Gerrit 3.9+.

It's possible to disable the edit url by adding the `disableEditUrl: true` config in the Gerrit integration.
```
